本アプリケーション・プライバシーポリシーは、梅田工房が提供するスマートフォン向けアプリから送信される利用者情報とその取り扱いについて説明するものです。

梅田工房は個人情報保護の重要性を強く認識し取り扱いには細心の注意を払います。

【アプリ本体から送信される利用者情報、目的】
梅田工房の提供するアプリには、利用解析および広告配信のためにサードパーティ製のソフトウェアが組み込まれている場合があります。
ログ情報および端末情報をサードパーティ製のソフトウェアが外部の事業者へ送信することがあります。

【情報の送信先】
梅田工房の提供するアプリには、広告配信ツールとしてAdMob(Google Inc.)を使用しており、AdMobがご利用者の情報を自動取得する場合があります。
取得する情報、利用目的、第三者への提供等につきましては、以下の広告配信事業者のアプリケーション・プライバシーポリシーのリンクより確認ください。
Google 広告に関するポリシー
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=ja

【プライバシーポリシーの変更】
本アプリは、取得する個人情報に関して適用される日本国の法令遵守を行なうと共に、本プライバシポリシーの内容を適宜見直しその改善に努めます。
プライバシーポリシーの変更を行なう際は、当ページの変更をもって公表とさせていただきます。

[お問い合わせ]
梅田工房
umeda888studio@gmail.com


This Application Privacy Policy describes the user information transmitted from the smartphone application provided by Umeda Koubou and how it is handled.

Umeda Koubou strongly recognizes the importance of protecting personal information and handles it with the utmost care.

User information transmitted from the application itself and its purpose
Umeda Koubou's apps may contain third-party software for the purpose of usage analysis and advertisement delivery.
Log information and device information may be transmitted by the third-party software to an outside party.

[Destination of information
The application provided by Umeda Kobo uses AdMob (Google Inc.) as an advertising distribution tool, and AdMob may automatically acquire information about users.
Please refer to the following link to the application privacy policy of the ad-serving provider for information on the information to be obtained, purpose of use, provision to third parties, etc.
Google Advertising Policy
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=ja

Changes to the Privacy Policy
This application will comply with the laws and regulations of Japan regarding the personal information it collects, and will review and improve this privacy policy as appropriate.
When we change our privacy policy, we will announce the change on this page.

[Contact Us].
Umeda Studio
umeda888studio@gmail.com

Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
